chore: use `networking.knative.dev/ingress-class` additionally to `networking.knative.dev/ingress.class` (#2485)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

- diff logging now honors log level instead of printing at all log levels. It
  will only print at levels `debug` and `trace`.
  [#2422](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/2422)

> - Use `networking.knative.dev/ingress-class` additionally to `networking.knative.dev/ingress.class`
>   to adapt to [what has already been done in knative](https://github.com/knative/networking/pull/522).
>   [#2485](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/2485)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For KNative Ingress resources, KIC now reads both the new style annotation
  `networking.knative.dev/ingress-class` and the deprecated `networking.knative.dev/ingress.class` one
  to adapt to [what has already been done in knative](https://github.com/knative/networking/pull/522).
  [#2485](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/issues/2485)
```

Reviewer: Attempt to be more specific as to "who" does "what" now and "why".
